The first section is the Home section and it has a large Developers’ Guild logo
centered on the screen.  There is text below the logo that says “Hello, we are
DG,” or some such.  A large join button is at the bottom.  The text “Exclusive
to De Anza College, California” is on the page somewhere.  When the join button
is clicked, it transforms into a text box that a user can enter their email
address into.  This will add the user’s email to our mailing list.  The Home
section has a group photograph of us.  The Home section stretches to fill the
user’s whole screen.

When you scroll down, you reach the second section, which is the Description
section.  It has a large heading saying “Developers’ Guild is the community for
hacking on projects at De Anza College.”  Below the large heading is a small
heading that says, “We fuel the passion found in computer science students and
keep the learning experience fresh.  Every week, students at De Anza College
gather to build new apps and software that they dream up.”  Both of the
headings flatter DG and make it sound good.  The Description section has a
solid background color and it does not take up the whole screen, only as much
vertical space as is required.

The third section is the Trait section.  We have four traits that we proudly
display in a 2x2 grid across the screen.  “De Anza College.”  “Every week.”
 “Create and join projects.”  “Make friends.”  Each trait should be accompanied
by a large icon.  Alternatively, if we can’t get icons, we can put each trait
in a recessed flag.  The Trait section is a solid background color section and
it does not take up a whole screen vertically.

The fourth section is the FAQ section.  We post questions that we think might
be useful to be answered and that describe the experience of joining us.  For
example, we might have “I don’t have a programming background.  Can I join?” to
which the answer is “Yes!,” but we would expand on that with two further
sentences.  The background of the FAQ section is a photograph of us or of
Developers’ Guild in some fashion.  The section takes up as much vertical space
as required.

The fifth and final section is the Ping Us section.  It contains a large
heading that says “Ping Us!”  Immediately below that, we have a large, friendly
icon of a person on the left.  To the right of the person we have the email
address contact@developersguild.net.

Finally, at the bottom of the page, we have the centered text “Made with ♥ in
Cupertino, CA.”

There is a circular scroll-to-top button in the lower-right corner, but it is
invisible when the webpage is viewing the Home section.
